model/MouseMode.java
 model.MouseMode
view/gui/Gui.java
 view.gui.Gui
model/Coordinate.java
 model.Coordinate
view/interfaces/IEventCallback.java
 view.interfaces.IEventCallback
view/interfaces/IUiModule.java
 view.interfaces.IUiModule
view/gui/PaintCanvas.java
 view.gui.PaintCanvas
view/EventName.java
 view.EventName
 view.EventName$1
 view.EventName$2
 view.EventName$3
 view.EventName$4
 view.EventName$5
controller/IJPaintController.java
 controller.IJPaintController
view/gui/GuiWindow.java
 view.gui.GuiWindow
view/interfaces/IGuiWindow.java
 view.interfaces.IGuiWindow
model/ShapeShadingType.java
 model.ShapeShadingType
view/interfaces/PaintCanvasBase.java
 view.interfaces.PaintCanvasBase
model/interfaces/IDialogProvider.java
 model.interfaces.IDialogProvider
model/ShapeType.java
 model.ShapeType
view/interfaces/IDialogChoice.java
 view.interfaces.IDialogChoice
model/ShapeColor.java
 model.ShapeColor
 model.ShapeColor$1
 model.ShapeColor$10
 model.ShapeColor$11
 model.ShapeColor$12
 model.ShapeColor$13
 model.ShapeColor$2
 model.ShapeColor$3
 model.ShapeColor$4
 model.ShapeColor$5
 model.ShapeColor$6
 model.ShapeColor$7
 model.ShapeColor$8
 model.ShapeColor$9
model/interfaces/IApplicationState.java
 model.interfaces.IApplicationState
model/interfaces/IShape.java
 model.interfaces.IShape
model/Command/RedoCommand.java
 model.Command.RedoCommand
model/Command/CommandHistory.java
 model.Command.CommandHistory
model/dialogs/ChooseShadingTypeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseShadingTypeDialog
model/Command/UndoCommand.java
 model.Command.UndoCommand
model/dialogs/ChooseStartAndEndPointModeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseStartAndEndPointModeDialog
model/persistence/ApplicationState.java
 model.persistence.ApplicationState
model/dialogs/ChooseSecondaryColorDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseSecondaryColorDialog
model/interfaces/ICommand.java
 model.interfaces.ICommand
main/Main.java
 main.Main
controller/JPaintController.java
 controller.JPaintController
model/dialogs/ChoosePrimaryColorDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChoosePrimaryColorDialog
model/dialogs/DialogProvider.java
 model.dialogs.DialogProvider
model/dialogs/ChooseShapeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseShapeDialog
model/Shape.java
 model.Shape
model/ShapeList.java
 model.ShapeList
model/CreateShape.java
 model.CreateShape
controller/MouseController.java
 controller.MouseController
